docs: update references to the ECS variant for GA (#1637)
bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket: README.md

- `aws-k8s-1.20`
- `aws-k8s-1.21`

The following variant supports ECS:

- `aws-ecs-1`

> Other variants we have are currently in preview and are designed to be Kubernetes worker nodes in VMware:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also have variants in preview status that are designed to be Kubernetes worker nodes in VMware:
```

Author: Done

### Update methods

> #### Automated updates
> 
> There are several ways of updating your Bottlerocket hosts.
> We provide tools for automatically updating hosts, as well as an API for direct control of updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways of updating your Bottlerocket hosts.
We provide tools for automatically updating hosts, as well as an API for direct control of updates.

#### Automated updates
```
This text is introducing the distinction between automated and manual updates, so it should go before one of the specific headers.

Author: Done

### Update methods

> #### Automated updates
> 
> There are several ways of updating your Bottlerocket hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several ways to keep your Bottlerocket hosts up to date.
We provide tools for automatically updating hosts, as well as an API for direct control of updates.

#### Automated updates
```

Author: Done

For EKS variants of Bottlerocket, we recommend using the [Bottlerocket update operator](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-update-operator) for automated updates.

For the ECS variant of Bottlerocket, we recommend using the [Bottlerocket ECS updater](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-ecs-updater/) for automated updates.

> 
> For any variant, you can also use the update API for direct control of updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
With the new "automated updates" header, this doesn't seem like it belongs.  The "update API" section immediately follows, and isn't variant-specific.  See also my other suggestion about putting some of this wording above.

Author: Done

There are several ways of updating your Bottlerocket hosts.

For EKS variants of Bottlerocket, we recommend using the [Bottlerocket update operator](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-update-operator) for automated updates.

> For the ECS variant of Bottlerocket, we recommend updating hosts using the [Bottlerocket ECS updater](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-ecs-updater/) for automated updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the ECS variant of Bottlerocket, we recommend using the [Bottlerocket ECS updater](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-ecs-updater/) for automated updates.
```

Author: Done

> You can also use one of the methods below with any variant for direct control of updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For any variant, you can also use the update API for direct control of updates.
```
(there's only one method described any more)

Author: Done

If you are running the Kubernetes variant of Bottlerocket, you can use the [Bottlerocket update operator](https://github.com/bottlerocket-os/bottlerocket-update-operator) to automate Bottlerocket updates.

> #### Bottlerocket ECS Updater

Reviewer: I think we should just get rid of this and the brupop note just above; it's weird to have it duplicated above and below the update API subsection.  I'd also recommend a header after "There are several ways..." and before the updater notes, perhaps `#### Automated Updates`.

Author: Done
